The Krushi Kendra portal can involve multiple business entities that contribute to its operation and provide various services. Here are some potential business entities for the Krushi Kendra portal:

1. Portal Owner/Operator:
   - This entity is responsible for developing, maintaining, and operating the Krushi Kendra portal.
   - They oversee the overall management, including technical infrastructure, user support, and strategic direction.
   - They may be a government agency, agricultural organization, or private company.

2. Farmers:
   - Farmers are the primary users of the Krushi Kendra portal.
   - They utilize the platform to access information, seek advice, connect with experts, and participate in the marketplace.
   - Farmers can create profiles, engage in discussions, and utilize the portal's features to enhance their farming practices.

3. Agricultural Experts:
   - Agricultural experts, such as agronomists, horticulturists, veterinarians, and researchers, play a crucial role in the portal.
   - They provide advisory services, guidance, and expert knowledge to farmers.
   - Experts can create profiles, offer consultations, contribute articles, and engage with farmers through various communication channels.

4. Vendors and Suppliers:
   - Vendors and suppliers are entities that offer agricultural products, services, and resources through the portal's marketplace.
   - They can include seed suppliers, fertilizer companies, equipment manufacturers, livestock sellers, and other relevant businesses.
   - Vendors can create listings, manage their inventory, and interact with farmers for sales and transactions.

5. Government Agencies:
   - Government agencies at the national, state, or local level can be involved in the Krushi Kendra portal.
   - They provide information about government schemes, subsidies, policies, and regulations related to agriculture.
   - Government agencies may collaborate with the portal owner to disseminate official information and facilitate program enrollment.

6. Financial Institutions:
   - Financial institutions, such as banks or microfinance organizations, can collaborate with the portal to offer financial services to farmers.
   - They may provide loans, insurance products, or other financial assistance tailored to the needs of the agricultural sector.
   - Financial institutions can integrate their services with the portal to streamline access for farmers.

7. Research Institutions:
   - Research institutions, agricultural universities, or research organizations can contribute to the portal by sharing research findings, studies, and scientific knowledge.
   - They can collaborate with the portal owner to develop training modules, educational resources, and best practices based on their research.

8. Advertisers and Sponsors:
   - Advertisers and sponsors from the agriculture industry or related sectors may support the portal by funding its operations or sponsoring specific sections.
   - They can promote their products, services, or brands through targeted advertising on the portal, generating revenue for the platform.

These business entities work together to create a comprehensive ecosystem within the Krushi Kendra portal, connecting farmers, experts, vendors, government agencies, financial institutions, research institutions, and other stakeholders involved in the agricultural sector.




Entities:-

Fertilizer:-
fertilizer_id
fname
frate
quantity

Loan:-
bank address
loan type
loan id
loan amount

Agricultural expert adviser:-
address
contact details
expert id

Seed:-
seed name
category
rate'
seed id
type

Crop:-
quantity
crop name
crop_id




mysql
-- Fertilizer table
CREATE TABLE Fertilizer (
  fertilizer_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  fname VARCHAR(100),
  frate DECIMAL(10, 2),
  quantity INT
);

-- Loan table
CREATE TABLE Loan (
  loan_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  bank_address VARCHAR(200),
  loan_type VARCHAR(100),
  loan_amount DECIMAL(10, 2)
);

-- Agricultural Expert table
CREATE TABLE Agricultural_Expert (
  expert_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  address VARCHAR(200),
  contact_details VARCHAR(100)
);

-- Seed table
CREATE TABLE Seed (
  seed_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  seed_name VARCHAR(100),
  category VARCHAR(100),
  rate DECIMAL(10, 2),
  type VARCHAR(100)
);

-- Crop table
CREATE TABLE Crop (
  crop_id INT PRIMARY KEY,
  crop_name VARCHAR(100),
  quantity INT
);


