Functional Requirements
2.1 User Registration and Authentication

Users should be able to create accounts and log in securely.
The system should authenticate users and provide appropriate access based on user roles (customer, administrator).
2.2 Event Management

Administrators should be able to add, edit, and delete event details such as event name, date, time, location, and ticket availability.
Events should be categorized and searchable by type, date, and location.
2.3 Seat or Ticket Selection

Customers should be able to view available seats or tickets for a selected event and reserve them.
The system should prevent double booking of seats or tickets and ensure availability is updated in real-time.
Customers should be able to select seats or tickets based on their preferences (e.g., by location, price).
2.4 Online Payment

The system should integrate with a secure payment gateway to process online payments.
Customers should be able to make payments using various payment methods (credit card, online wallets, etc.).
Payment confirmation should be provided to the customer and the system.
2.5 Reservation Management

Administrators should be able to view, modify, and cancel reservations.
Customers should be able to view their reservation history and make changes if allowed.
2.6 Notification System

The system should send reservation confirmation, ticket details, and any updates or changes to customers via email or SMS.
Administrators should receive notifications for new reservations and cancellations.

Business entity
Ticket
Number
Amount 
date

Passenger
Name 
Age
id

Bus
Number 
seat 
Time




Sql command
CREATE TABLE Ticket (
    TicketID INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
    Number INT,
    Amount DECIMAL(10, 2),
    Date DATE,
    PRIMARY KEY (TicketID)
);


CREATE TABLE Passenger (
    PassengerID INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
    Name VARCHAR(50),
    Age INT,
    ID VARCHAR(20),
    PRIMARY KEY (PassengerID)
);


CREATE TABLE Bus (
    BusID INT AUTO_INCREMENT,
    Number VARCHAR(20),
    Seat INT,
    Time TIME,
    PRIMARY KEY (BusID)
);

